Week 1 

I used Chatgpt to help with finding potential project ideas for the upcoming group project. i searched up specifically, project ideas for something that involves information retrieval and analysis. 

Week 2
This week I used AI to again search for potential ideas for the upcoming projects. This helped
me realize that i need to find a topic where I can use alot of data 
and find that data to be able to build something. 
I also used AI as a tool during the exercise, just to make sure what I was doing was correct. I would do the problem and write
the code myself, and to make sure I was correct, I would run it through AI. 

Week 3
This week I used AI to assist me with the Week 3 assignments. When I had trouble figuring out what to code, 
I would put it into ChatGPT to help me understand what to do. 

Week 4
This week I used AI to give me assistance during the weekly exercises. I also 
used it to help me with ideas on how my group and I can begin
working on our project for the semester. 

Week 5
This week I used AI to help me with guidance with my project. My group 
and I asked AI to help us with how we can use our group idea
to fit into the rubric of the project. I also used AI to 
help me confirm what I was doing on thr weekly exercises
was correct. 

Week 6
This week I used AI to help with beginning project 2. I also 
used AI to help me with the weekly exercises for this week since 
it was a little more difficult than usual. 

Week 7
This week I used AI to help me with assting with the weekly exercises. 
I also used AI to complete project 2. 

Week 8
This week I used AI to help me with assting with the weekly exercises. 
I also used AI to complete project 3. 

Week 9
This week I used AI to help with beginning project 3. I also 
used AI to help me with the weekly exercises for this week since 
it was a little more difficult than usual. 

Week 10 
This week I used AI to assist me with the Week 10 assignments. When I had trouble figuring out what to code, 
I would put it into ChatGPT to help me understand what to do. 

Week 12
This week I used AI to help with finalizing Project 4 for me and my group. 

Week 13
This week I used AI to help with finalizing Project 4 for me and my group. 
